---
title: "NA"
status: "NA"
order: NA
---

# Learn Flexbox

#### The ultimate guide to *Learn Flexbox CSS in 8 minutes* 

//Insert Summarised Introduction/Description

> *Flexbox is god's gift for organising your content into columns or rows. The benefit is that you are able to have finer control of the layout so you can create better designs. )*

## Resources

Here are some links you might find helpful!

* **youtube** -> https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F5_nBy66LJs


### 00:00 Intro
### 00:36 display flex
  - `display: flex` ~default~ orientation is *ROW* / horizontal
### 01:17 flex-direction
- `flex-direction: column` changes to direction to a column / vertical
### 02:11 justify-content
- `justify-content: {value}` changes the alignment of the items on the ~main~ axis
### 03:08 align-items
- `align-items: {value}` changes the alignment of the items on the ~cross~ axis
### 04:22 flex-wrap
- `flex-wrap: wrap` wraps everything inside the flexbox. This is useful if the content is overflowing or too big for the container. Default is nowrap
### 04:49 gap
- `gap: Horzional px Vertical px` gives space between the items in the flexbox
### 05:17 flex-grow
- The flex-grow CSS property sets the grow ratio of space children element within the parent element.
### 06:07 flex-shrink
- The flex-grow CSS property sets the shrink ratio of space children element takes within the parent element.
### 06:21 flex-basis
- Suchs the initial base flex starting size and then all other same level elements which auto adjust. Uncommonly used.
### 06:38 flex shorthand
- flex property is short for grow shrink basis
### 07:12 align-self
- align-self targets the child element and overrides the default setting.

- `align-self: self-ends` aligns the child flush with the edge of the alignment container coreresponding to the item start side in the cross axis
### 08:07 order
- 
